Jasdhir.singh@revature.com



	Introduce Yourself
•	Introduce Your Family
•	Native Place
•	Education – College 
•	Programming Knowledge
•	Hobbies
•	Likes and Dislikes

1.	What is your most used emoji?
2.	You have your own late night talk show, who do you invite as your first guest?
3.	If aliens landed on earth tomorrow and offered to take you home with them, would you go?
4.	What is your favorite item you’ve bought this year?
5.	What would be the most surprising scientific discovery imaginable?
6.	Say you’re independently wealthy and don’t have to work, what would you do with your time?
7.	If you had to delete all but 3 apps from your smartphone, which ones would you keep?
8.	Who is your favorite Disney hero or heroine? Would you trade places with them?
9.	What would your dream house be like?
10.	You’re going sail around the world, what’s the name of your boat?
11.	What fictional family would you be a member of?
12.	What is your favorite television network?
13.	What sport would you compete in if you were in the Olympics?
14.	You can have anyone fictional as your imaginary friend, who do you choose and why?

15.	What would your superpower be and why?
16.	What fictional world or place would you like to visit?
17.	Coffee or tea?
18.	Teleportation or flying?
19.	If you had a time machine, would go back in time or into the future?
20.	Are you a traveler or a homebody?
21.	Popcorn or M&Ms?
22.	If you could choose any two famous people to have dinner with who would they be?
23.	If you could change places with anyone in the world, who would it be and why?
24.	If you could have someone follow you around all the time, like a personal 
28.	If you could magically become fluent in any language, what would it be?
29.	If you could be immortal, what age would you choose to stop aging at and why?
30.	If you could eliminate one thing from your daily routine, what would it be and why?
31.	If you could go to Mars, would you? Why or why not?
32.	If you could have the power of teleportation right now, where would you go and why?
33.	If you could write a book that was guaranteed to be a best seller, what would you write?
